docs: Explain how to work with auto-generated keys; Restructure to clarify how to specify keys for authoritative fields. (#205)
y-scope/yscope-log-viewer: docs/src/user-guide/format-struct-logs-syntax.md

* Nested fields can be specified using periods (`.`) to denote hierarchy.
  * E.g., the field `{"a:" {"b": 0}}` may be denoted by `a.b`.

> * Auto-generated fields in a [Key-Value Pair IR Stream][kvPairIr] can be specified by using `@` as a
> prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Auto-generated fields in a [Key-Value Pair IR Stream][kv-pair-ir] can be specified by using `@` as
  a prefix.
```

* Nested fields can be specified using periods (`.`) to denote hierarchy.
  * E.g., the field `{"a:" {"b": 0}}` may be denoted by `a.b`.
* Auto-generated fields in a

> [Key-Value Pair IR Stream](https://docs.yscope.com/clp/main/dev-guide/design-key-value-pair-ir-stream.html)

Reviewer: Let's create a reference for this at the bottom of the page. Even though the link is not finalized, it will definitely be too long to include inline.

> can be specified using `@` as a prefix.
>   * E.g., the auto-generated field `ts` may be denoted by `@ts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  can be specified by using `@` as a prefix.
  * E.g., the auto-generated field `ts` would be specified as `@ts`.
```

a newline.

## Examples

> ### JSON Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Formatting JSON logs events
```

Consider the following JSON log event:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json
```

{
  "ts": 1427153388942,
  "level": "INFO",
  "thread": 0,
  "latency": {
    "msecs": 56400,
    "secs": 56.4,
  },
  "@an.odd.key{name}": "org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.impl.MetricsConfig: loaded properties from hadoop-metrics2.properties"
}
```

We can format this using the following YScope format string:

```
{ts:timestamp:YYYY-MM-DD HH\:mm\:ss.SSS} {level} \{{thread}\} latency={latency.secs:round} {\@an\.odd\.key\{name\}}
```

> * In the first placeholder, we have the field name `ts`, a formatter called `timestamp`, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the first placeholder, we have the field name `ts`, a formatter called `timestamp`, and the
  formatter's options which are a date format string.
```

a newline.

## Examples

### Formatting JSON logs events

Consider the following JSON log event:
```json
{
  "ts": 1427153388942,
  "level": "INFO",
  "thread": 0,
  "latency": {
    "msecs": 56400,
    "secs": 56.4,
  },
  "@an.odd.key{name}": "org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.impl.MetricsConfig: loaded properties from hadoop-metrics2.properties"
}
```

We can format this using the following YScope format string:

```
{ts:timestamp:YYYY-MM-DD HH\:mm\:ss.SSS} {level} \{{thread}\} latency={latency.secs:round} {\@an\.odd\.key\{name\}}
```

* In the first placeholder, we have the field name `ts`, a formatter called `timestamp`, and the

>  formatter's options which are a date format string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  formatter's options which are a date format string.
```

2015-03-23 19:29:48.942 INFO {0} latency=56 org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.impl.MetricsConfig: loaded properties from hadoop-metrics2.properties
```

> ### Key-Value Pair IR Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Formatting kv-pair IR log events
```

> Consider the following Key-Value Pair IR log event:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the following kv-pair IR log event:

:::{note}
In the example below, for simplicity, we render the log event as JSON with the auto-generated
kv-pairs under the `auto-generated` key, and the user-generated kv-pairs under the `user-generated`
key, but these keys don't exist in the log event.
:::

```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json
```

{
  "auto-generated": {
    "ts": 1741371422000
  },
  "user-generated": {
    "message": "Callback registered to fire in 5 seconds:",
    "ts": 1741371427000
  }
}
```

We can format this using the following YScope format string:

```
{@ts:timestamp} {message} {ts:timestamp}
```

> * In the first placeholder, we have the auto-generated field name `@ts`. The `@` prefix
>   specifies the field is from the auto-generated namespace.
> * The second and third placeholders refer to the message and timestamp fields in the
>   user-generated namespace, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the first placeholder, we have the auto-generated field name `@ts`. The `@` prefix specifies
  that the field is from the auto-generated namespace.
* The second and third placeholders refer to the `message` and `ts` fields in the user-generated
  namespace.
```

The formatted string will be:
```
2025-03-07T18:17:02Z Callback registered to fire in 5 seconds: 2025-03-07T18:17:07Z
```

> For a list of currently supported formatters, see [Formatters](format-struct-logs-formatters).

Reviewer: Since this applies to both examples, let's move this to the end of the `formatter-name` section instead.

2015-03-23 19:29:48.942 INFO {0} latency=56 org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.impl.MetricsConfig: loaded properties from hadoop-metrics2.properties
```

### Formatting kv-pair IR log events

Consider the following kv-pair IR log event:

:::{note}
In the example below, for simplicity, we render the log event as JSON with the auto-generated
kv-pairs under the `auto-generated` key, and the user-generated kv-pairs under the `user-generated`
key, but these keys don't exist in the log event.
:::

```json
{
  "auto-generated": {
    "ts": 1741371422000
  },
  "user-generated": {
    "message": "Callback registered to fire in 5 seconds:",
    "ts": 1741371427000
  }
}
```

We can format this using the following YScope format string:

```
{@ts:timestamp} {message} {ts:timestamp}
```

* In the first placeholder, we have the auto-generated field name `@ts`. The `@` prefix specifies
  that the field is from the auto-generated namespace.
* The second and third placeholders refer to the `message` and `ts` fields in the user-generated
  namespace.

The formatted string will be:
```
2025-03-07T18:17:02Z Callback registered to fire in 5 seconds: 2025-03-07T18:17:07Z
```

> [kvPairIr]: https://docs.yscope.com/clp/main/dev-guide/design-key-value-pair-ir-stream.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[kv-pair-ir]: https://docs.yscope.com/clp/main/dev-guide/design-key-value-pair-ir-stream.html
```
